VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmdp-storage-backends.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-vmdp-storage-backends_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} VMDP backend storage

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the backend storage options for {oadp-short} VM data protection (VMDP) backup storage locations. This helps you to configure S3-compatible or filesystem storage for your backup repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the backend storage options for {oadp-full} virtual machine data protection (VMDP) backup storage locations. This helps you to configure S3-compatible or file system storage for your backup repository.
```

237 characters

Author: done.
